Hello everyone and welcome to Python level 1.
We've already learned so much that it may seem crazy that we're only now reaching how to learn and how
to code in Python because Django is completely based in Python for a majority of the course from now
on we're just going to be working of Python.
But your previous programming experience with learning javascript.
Tim elsea Yes.
And those fundamental coding ideas is going to help make learn Python a total breeze.
So over level 1 and level 2 we're going to be covering a lot of the same general programming topics
from javascript.
Things like for loops and while loops etc..
So we won't spend as much time in Python talking about the very basic idea of what a for loop is or
what an array is or what those basic ideas are.
Instead we'll just show you more the syntax of how to work with those ideas in Python.
And then we're going to expand on these ideas to learn about object oriented programming something we
haven't talked about yet.
So if you've already taken a python course you may already know a lot but we're going to be covering.
Especially if already taken one of my Python courses.
You may find it easier to skip ahead to a section instead of starting from the very beginning.
Let's outline some of the topics of both level 1 and level 2.
To give you an idea of where to start.
If you already have some experience in Python level one will start by talking about basic data types
of Python that includes numbers strings lists and dictionaries.
Then we'll talk about tuples sets and booleans control flow of python and how it uses indentation things
such as the if else if statements.
Then we'll talk about functions of Python then starting at Python level too.
We'll talk about scope with Python.
Will discuss object oriented programming of Python errors and exceptions decorator's and then regular
expressions utilize the curriculum outline to jump to the lecture you feel is the most appropriate starting
point for you.
If you already have some program experience of Python or if you are a complete beginner feel free to
just start from here and continue on.
It has been a really long learning journey so far.
Just to reach this point.
So I really want you to take the time and congratulate yourself.
Everything you've learned so far is challenging material.
So remind yourself that you are awesome for making it this far into the course and give yourself a huge
pat on the back.
OK I level 1 and 2 are the only thing standing between you and the main course topic which is Django.
So let's dive straight into it and get started by setting up Python and the Adam text editor in the
next lecture.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.